The shooter says goodbye to his love.
He was sitting in a trash can with high street class.
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.
He barked orders at his daughters but they just stared back with amusement.
Facing his greatest fear, he ate his first marshmallow.
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.
When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language.
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.
He decided water-skiing on a frozen lake wasn’t a good idea.
They were excited to see their first sloth.
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.
She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses.
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.
The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.
It had been sixteen days since the zombies first attacked.
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.
Thirty years later, she still thought it was okay to put the toilet paper roll under rather than over.
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.
Safe Safe Safe Safe Safe Safe Safe Safe  123123A 123123A 123123A 123123A